1.  I have had significant progress through the challenges that we have faced on trying to make a button sound correctly.
    Although this seems highly improbable to get stuck on because there has been code examples incorporated, it really is hard
    because we have decided to create a piano that can play several octaves. However, we have diverged way off from the code.
    It's easy to finish a task if you tinker with code examples, but we felt that by diverging and creating something wholly 
    unique, we were able to strengthen our knowledge on the C language. Therefore, we felt that by starting from scratch, the 
    code that we come up with will sway more to our advantage, sinc we were the ones who coded it and will know more about its
    potential and fluctuations. So, by figuring out that we needed tone(9, note[0]); in order for it to run the code, we were 
    on our way in making several buttons. However, we were put down when we realized that even though we duplicated this code
    for several buttons, the last button on the list would think that it is being pushed and would continue playing continously.
    As a result, we were able to understand our poor coding and soon realized we need to set an if statement to first look at 
    if there was any signals that were being presssed. Then, we would run the code. Although we have not fully tested, I have 
    tried it on a website that is also an arduino stimulator and it worked. Furthermore, we finally understood  the high and
    low detction concept. When you push the button, it would be low because the push button is brought closer to ground(neg. charge).
    It is high when unpressed because the two legs aren't connected so only 5V (pos. charge) is present. We have had many accomplishments in the end.
    
2.  We have enabled a certain tone and LED light to flash when a button is pressed. In addition, we were able to successfully
    write our own code using no snippets of the code earlier given to us to tinker. 
    
3.  There are many things to be done. We want to create a version of guitar hero; therefore, we still needed to create a sequence
    of LED lights that will travel downward to the button and when it reaches the last LED light, you will need to press the button
    in sync. When you do, a note will be played. There will also be a LCD screen keeping track of how many errors you have and give you
    a raw score of your success in the end. As you can see, our project is going to be big and we still have a lot to do. We still need
    to code several other buttons, a memory function, LCD function/display of what we want, a bunch of LED lights, etc... We simply have the
    mini prototype done.

4.  I think that we will be able to turn in a basic working piano without any LED sequences yet. It would be a basci 8 button
    piano that plays one octave when you press each individual button.
    
5.  We are writing several code changes. For instance, because our 8 buttons were out of sync., we had to use if/else statements
    to prevent bombardment of signals. We also added a for loop to create 8 buttons states; thus, showing our knowledge of code
    efficiency.
  
6.  We have created a tone function that would store certaint ones until it is played. We are still creating a LED sequence function
    and memory function as well.
