1.      I have learned a various CS skills as well as used these skills to solve multitude of problems faced during our arduino
    project. The first one is the realization that we could use for loops to create 8 buttonstates, which saves us time from
    naming the buttons and coding each individual one since we could simply create an array like the on in our prior SLICK games.
    We have found out that by coding 8 different buttons there could be a lot of spelling errors that would take half a class
    period to identify. Therefore, arrays and for loops limits these errors because we could call a button like i=[3] as the third
    button. In that way, we don't have to keep checking off the names since we can easily count the integers left.
        A second skill that I have obtained includes the understanding of void loops. I now know that void loops will continue to 
    loop a set of code all the time. For example, instead of making a for loop that makes the LED light blink 900 times to make sure
    that the player will assume that it will go on forever and pull the cord out, we could simply put the code for the LED blinking
    in the void loop and it will run whenever it reaches to the end and reloop back. Furthermore, void loops provide a basic template
    where we culd then implement several methods that would run once in the void when a condition is met. Void loops is also very 
    organiztional and clean because anything repeated stays in the loop while exteranl methods can just be called within; thus,
    there is no overwhelming and complicated code all bunched up.
        Finally, I have learned the circuits and its importance to the arduino's response. For example, the high and low detection
    for the individual buttons is actually quite simple. The reason why it runs a code when it is on low is because the buttons is
    connected to ground and thus carries a negative charge. On the otherhand, when it is high, the button is not pressed so it does
    not run the code. High occurs because the legs are not connected to ground and therefore is connected to 5V; thus, bringing a 
    high/positive charge. In th LED, a high charge would connect both the ground and now 5V to the led light and creates a spark of 
    energy in the form of light. When it is low, there is no 5V connection; so it is negative. All in all there are many great lessons 
    learned, but the top three were the ones shown.
    
            
