1. An assembly is a basic type of programming language that only contains the code that is necessary to perform the specific 
   task, nothing else. In other words, an assembly gives direct and complete control over the functions.
   
2. The assembly language provides feedback faster than high level programming languages, since it just performs the specified
   task at hand at tells you if it either works or doesn't. Therefore, although assembly is tedious to program, it will provide
   faster results and serves as an outline of a more complicated function that you will later do on a high level language.
   
3. Assembly is very different than the Java programming language that I'm used to. For instance, asssembly is a lower level
   language while java is a higher level language. In addition, assembly performs single arithmetic operations while Java can 
   do multiple operations at once. For instance, you can't say rcx = rax*rbx + 7 in assembly. Instead you need to write
   rcx = rax; rcx = rcx*rbx; rcx = rcx+7. On the other hand, Java is able to perform these complexities. Java takes objects while
   assembly only takes primitave data.
  
4. High level programming languages are easily understood by humans, in  other words, they are human readable. On the 
   otherhand, low level programming languages are harder to understand and are meant to be easily understood by computers
   alone. An example of a low level language would be machine language while a high level language would be Java. Java's
   syntax parallels to the human language while low level languages are more computer read; thus, showing more complexity
   in its patterns.
   
5. Java is an example of a high level language. Java is a more complicated language and is much easily understood by humans.
   In addition, Java's syntax is closely related to Human language, is able to perform multiple operations, is objec-oriented,
   and has more abstract instruction other than just following computer directions. 
   
6. Assembly is an example of a low level language. Assembly is much more basic, and more computer understandable than human
   efficient interpretation. Some characteristics that categorize Assembly is that it uses primitave data types, makes use of
   computer commands, which will only perform the necessary functions that is required. Furthermore, if you compare Java with
   Assembly, you will see that Assembly is very basic.
